README.md, before:

# Angular Tasks

Collection of small Angular applications solving different programming tasks.  
Each task is implemented as a **standalone Angular app**, focusing on clean architecture, best practices, and modern Angular features.

This repository is intended for:
- practice
- portfolio
- interview preparation

---

## 🧠 What You Will Find Here

Each folder represents a separate Angular task with its own setup and README.

The goals of this repository are:
- clean project structure
- clear separation of concerns
- readable and maintainable code
- practical use of Angular features

---

## 📂 Tasks

| Task | Description |
|-----|-------------|
| **001 – Gem Collection** | CRUD-style UI with reactive forms, preview state, and collection management |

More tasks will be added progressively.

---

## 🏗️ Project Philosophy

Across all tasks, the following principles are applied:

- Feature-based structure
- Container (smart) vs presentational components
- Services for state and business logic
- Strong typing with models
- Minimal coupling between components

---

## ▶️ How to Run a Task

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GeorgievPP/angular-tasks.git
   ```

2. Navigate to a task folder:
   ```bash
   cd angular-tasks/001-gem-collection
   ```

3. Install dependencies and run:
   ```bash
   npm install
   npm start
   ```

4. Open in browser:
   ```
   http://localhost:4200
   ```

---

## 🧩 Tech Stack

- Angular (standalone components)
- TypeScript
- Reactive Forms
- Signals
- HTML / CSS

---

## 📌 Notes

Each task contains its own README with:
- task description
- architectural decisions
- project structure
- run instructions

Commit message:

Update root README with Tech Troubleshoot Hub task

README.md, after:

# Angular Tasks

Collection of small Angular applications solving different programming tasks.  
Each task is implemented as a **standalone Angular app**, focusing on clean architecture, best practices, and modern Angular features.

This repository is intended for:
- practice
- portfolio
- interview preparation

---

## 🧠 What You Will Find Here

Each folder represents a separate Angular task with its own setup and README.

The goals of this repository are:
- clean project structure
- clear separation of concerns
- readable and maintainable code
- practical use of Angular features

---

## 📂 Tasks

| Task | Description |
|-----|-------------|
| **001 – Gem Collection** | CRUD-style UI with reactive forms, preview state, and collection management |
| **002 – Tech Troubleshoot Hub** | Issue tracking workflow with reactive forms, signals, and centralized state |

More tasks will be added progressively.

---

## 🏗️ Project Philosophy

Across all tasks, the following principles are applied:

- Feature-based structure
- Container (smart) vs presentational components
- Services for state and business logic
- Strong typing with models
- Minimal coupling between components

---

## ▶️ How to Run a Task

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GeorgievPP/angular-tasks.git
   ```

2. Navigate to a task folder:
   ```bash
   cd angular-tasks/001-gem-collection
   ```

3. Install dependencies and run:
   ```bash
   npm install
   npm start
   ```

4. Open in browser:
   ```
   http://localhost:4200
   ```

---

## 🧩 Tech Stack

- Angular (standalone components)
- TypeScript
- Reactive Forms
- Signals
- HTML / CSS

---

## 📌 Notes

Each task contains its own README with:
- task description
- architectural decisions
- project structure
- run instructions
